the trip I do not know about you but me every time
who sees me traveling often pay a lot
more than I really need to
better we go to a special dinner and
touch bring this to the best there is I do not know
that maybe I do not know what I'm going to
need this is really in my mind
I think I'm going to need it then what
packed so normally usually always or
always tend to pay more because as
you know a lot of matías of every day
so
I do not know why I do it but even though I know that
I do it always ends up doing it because
I get the feeling that I'm going to
need and I will not have it and it's that
suddenly because now I've taken it
so it will happen to prevent you from healing like this
that I will teach all the video in this
it will be a trip and this is very well being of
makeup I know it 's giant
and I have to be bad because I was
subtracting the hair with the iron and the
I put here and law got up in the skin
so this is necessary makeup
and point
that's all that took me to spain
now what would we do and then first thing
both from there and I'm already taking
supposed jolines lavalette plan e that 12
I'm super sad because
I do not know if it happened to you too
some that you have the line 2 that you
use in the shadows and I do not use this
it scores a lot but I have fallen three
times and all three times the
urns from outside because they are not
stuck and they love us and I think the
I'm going to have to take them all out and get them back
to hit the base because it's that
have broken for example this is super
broken in the middle this corner is
horrible because that's why it's not
also that you do to the base and they have
come out and well I love the colors
so do not wear strips and fingers
because in my mind to have a chance
special and once you need so I
they will take that from one also because I
love this color for the eyebrows and it is
which he normally uses when we
says a pencil and
and the colors that I have to do the
make someone or if I feel like doing
the bad day that someone has the palette
I'm also thinking that something
let's do with my sisters with my
sister a video where you answer
or some makeup video or enough
to be able to do something like that, it's worth
next that I carry is obviously my
sunscreen and after this that is
a flame is not there to keep the
brushes and he got there then brushes that
I need and some others as perhaps for
what
just in case so I all the
brushes there
after he arrived is really the
good clean makeup I wear something else
but very bad makeup and
makeup led
a single foundation of makeup that is the
rule with this which is my favorite of
always and bicolors 250 from space and me
love it so of course champion
is talking well putting things
then I wear my colorful lipstick
I love it every once in a while in summer
with occasions they study carry you know
painted a color then came the
purple in pink barbie this is very
strong clarito but strong and orange
so one of each color came and it led
the red just in case
I wear translucent powders just in case
the powder is from which they are good
here that is a bronzer prize I use
of illuminator because it is very clear to me
love after die corrector the
sonia home corrector and also the
corrector of 9 and a track I do not like
once in a while he used the transforms
because I do not like it, it's enough
so I take both of them by themselves
of colors it took me two was my favorite
it is with everyone
it is not and it is that which is orange variable
orange is coral with glitters a little bit
golden but also has a little
I do not know pink is very beautiful
love and it is clear to me that someone with
brown skins and then I show this
which is a little pink in bordeaux
clearly that looks great so a
orange and no point is just in case and
then obviously I wear tan
me after your everything comes from what
that the product without cream is already at home
the trailer and dark because as I said
before you believe in some video I'm leaving
that but no makeup I'm
using the caribe for the whole face
to comment a bit on the face and
then the dark to put on the
computer in specific areas and this
because he is a referral of always and
I will surely need it
today
for this he brought me the two masks
eyelashes the normal and the warner bros
just in case the normal for all
days if it is in case I need it or if I
I want to put in the pool with the
Beach
and then he took to see a lipstick
color of sight that I take now that his
lipstick very similar to my ships by
if for every day a color
eyeliner although usually the
I took it from line, if it touched me
but on some special occasion or a
consists of eye line
and then I have this one that is of volumes
modern and the net de l'orel which is the
of for the water line and then a
shadow is that which is the one that
just use today enamored is of
bordeaux mary kate will see a woman
who works a mine that works in
medicaid and medium this shadow and spices
hasburg precious and curious companies and
notorious but he has used me today and
I loved concretion of everything I think
that stands out with the green eyes
so I love it, I take it because
I will surely need it after this
that is for my lips of l'oréal no
of revealing a wine is not a color of the
Silver time and sometimes a red rouge
so
a Vaseline
and up
and of course and fifths and limitations
it has taken me
the abbot and former president of the product
animal of course because they come from me
walk and I want to put it in that
It will take same place before the same
we put a rose and then the white
because I want to repaint the
white nails my letter and a top coat
so that the nail polish lasts for me so
he took his 3 and this and that's all
that I take away I know that maybe it seems
which is too much or even shows
surely maybe you will take more
but for me this is very much the
makeup
certainly you do not have to over
half but I prefer to take more to have
it is not necessary so I hope that I have
liked the video and tell me the
comments you also always put them
for more quantity than what you need
I leave you all my social ills in the
information box and do not forget
panel the draw of the subscribe video
or if we are in the next up
then